Barbara, sung by May Kennedy McCord, Springfield, 3rd June the 5th, 1939.
In Scoratown where I was born, there was a fair maid dwelling, made every youth cry wail away.
Oh, here comes Father Ellen.
T'was in the merry month of May The green buds were a-swellin' Sweet William on his deathbed he lay For the love of Barbara Ellen.
They sent a servant to the town Where Barbara was a-dwellin' Saying, rise, oh rise, you up and go If your name be Barbara Ellen.
So slowly, slowly she rose up And slowly she come nigh
And every word she said to him was, young man, I think you're dying.
Oh, yes, I'm sick, and very sick, and death is on me dwellin'.
And one sweet kiss would comfort me from the lips of Barbara Ellen.
Oh, yes, you're sick, and very sick, and death is on you dwelling,
But one sweet kiss you never will have from the lips of Barbara Ellen.
Oh, don't you remember on a wedding night when we were at the tavern?
You drank a help to the ladies around, but you slighted Barbara Ellen.
Oh, yes, I remember on a wedding night when we were at the tavern.
I drank a help to the ladies around, but I loved sweet Barbara Ellen.